# CS-360-Mobile-Archecture
Repository for content from CS-360 course

     The requirements for this project were to develop an inventory application with the functionality of a login screen as well and an inventory screen.  The user should be able to add, update the quantity, and delete inventory items from this screen. For the login screen, the user should be able to enter their username and password to login, or use a “Register” or a “Create Login” page in order to create a login userid and password. The app is to contain a database with two tables, one for the user information and one for the inventory information.  
     The screens that were necessary to produce a user centered UI design are the login screen and the inventory screen.  Keeping the functionality as simple as possible by focusing on the user’s needs were the determining factor in making the design successful. 
     Coding for the application was done by ensuring that the application contained the proper structure in order for the user to accomplish their primary goals.  Once the basic app flow was in place, the data base queries could be tested and incorporated into the application.  Strategies for testing included running the application in the emulator in Adroid studio, as well as implementing SQL Lite for the data base design and sudo data.  The database was also tested in the application tools in Android Studio to ensure that data could be manipulated and retrieved similarly as the user would be doing in the UI.
     Innovation was necessary in order to find a suitable UI component that would allow the user to view the items in the inventory from the database in a row, or table like format, as well as allow the user to delete each item from each row. As there is not a standard component available for Android that implements this exact functionality, a lot of research was needed in order to attempt this ask. 
     The part of the application that I was most successful with is the Login/Registration functionality, as well as the implementation of the database. The database was represented for testing purposes as a SQL Lite database, and I found it extremely efficient to set up quickly and to test with the use of Android Studio.  I was also successful with the implementation of the Inventory screen flow that will call the database and display the data in the UI, as well as the Add Inventory Item functionality.  I found it practical in this course to focus more on the basic needs of the application, and the app is strikingly similar to the App Design Project wireframes. 

